## Q1. Write all the conventions being followed while declaring a variable.  ##
 
 I have many ways for declaring a variables in python . I can declare a variable like a integar, string, float, Complex, Boolean etc. I can declare a variable by simply assigning a value to a name. The syntax for declaring a variable is:   
 variable_name = value

Python is a dynamically-typed language, which means that you don't need to specify the type of the variable when you declare it. The type of the variable is inferred from the value that you assign to it. For example, if you assign an integer value to a variable, the variable is of type int. If you assign a string value, the variable is of type str. I can check it by ,
  x = 20;
  print(type(x))     output -- int


So far i learn 6 data types 
#No. Name    Shortname
1. String -- str
2. Integar -- int
3. Float --  float
4. Boolean -- bool
5. Store_two_number -- tuple
6. Complex -- complex


## Some topics then i also learn in this lecture which is write below. 
  a. If you define two things in a one line then that time its type    called "tuple". 
     Ex. num1 = 4, 5
        print(type(num1))

    b. If I substract True - False == 1 .
     Ex. num2  = True - False
           print(num2)    Output -- 1

    c. If I substract True * False == 0 .
     Ex. num3  = True * False
           print(num3)    Output -- 0

    d. It's important boolean value's first letter in Upper Case otherwise it's showing error. 

    e. I can store complex number in python  for imagination we can use only j . 
     Ex. num4 = 10 + 20j
        print(type(num4))

       if i want to print 10 then I use num4.press enter select real. or 
       if i want to print 20 then I use num4.press enter select imag.

    f. Variables in python are dynamic in nature.

    g. A variable name can only contain alpha-numeric characters and underscores (A-z, 0-9, and _ )

    h. Python is a case−sensitive programming language. 